Ah ah ah ah
I entered the capital expressway with subaru xv 5 lift
Well Subaru was originally called aw b
Straight forward stability of high speed is excellent, but it is this xb 9 times Britto
After all I feel that such a merit is not inherited
In it's such not running with the players cruise control now eye site, but this
By xv hybrid of cruise control is that dedicated hybrid design
of course
Because it is a hybrid, it is the reason to also run ev
That is as much as possible
Do you ask cats? Choose a mode with high fuel efficiency environment performance Cruise control theory
If you are running while adjusting the speed, you will be able to do such a scar
I will
This fuel consumption meter of that corporate bond until a while ago
In Well before and after roughly 10 kilometers in the city
I thought it would be very good if it was Agil
Now from riding faster we have growth is gradually fuel consumption figures
And also perhaps that child is now 11 kilometers to superimpose break even the distance
a well
And 23 in the
I think I'm going to be very close to safely speaking
This is also after all that cruise control is like that
Hybrid
Interlocking type is such as hybrid dedicated development or such mode incorporation
I think thanks
It is an atmosphere that is likely to start traffic jams gradually coming into the year
Cruise control after all that Chan and speed to match that of the I-SITE
Drop
If there are 9 people in the case now
I got into an interrupt, but I can also put together the canter and get a very good speed between cars
They dropped me directly below
Another person who is really normal already uses it and anxiety comes
After all, even after all in the system of this child in part Tteyuu us to control
Although the high degree of perfection in the Fu of Do's one I feel again
Though rose wrote in approaching the uphill now
Approximately 2000 yen to 2500 g more East Ape is suppressed to low rotation
The speed is gradually raised and said that after all the power of the engine and such a part
Us went to raise the speed motor put out a force me plus the co
I can feel that I 'm feeling in the after roll
No purge This is the rotation of the engine if there in the impression, not change even in the silver of such high-speed
When it is being kept a low that motor suggestion that silence from such part
Well in the form
I think that it is connected to the sound comfort of
think
It has been running a post-capital high speed and general road in Tokyo Subaru xv hybrid
I thought that it was good to run on the whole and the goodness of Subaru was left as it is
And brother sets feel the goodness of hybrid is that it is a + directly below
After that, it will be better if the fuel efficiency is better than a single- rank advanced gasoline car than any strike a
I felt that it was a car that leveled up alternately in various parts
Subaru is it advanced if there is to say Well turbo Moselle and grow in that Les often
It is set as a model but in the case of its xv
This hybrid can end up in Turbo
card
Kind of car because it is Do car comes in modern as can be seen in all this car still looks great
of
Is a very good various Iso Well the Tteyuu this hybrid to set as a senior grade
The
It is run today's Tteyuu But what this巨椅child come true in that sense
I understand